Yeah.
We were here.
So.
Slate.
Yeah.
The first thing is, let's not get confused.
Let's just make these things separate.
And you.
So firstly this afternoon will not be able to it again and again because.
It will be explosive tax rate because if you want to.
I hope you got this right because viavi via a we're dickering again and again for all details before
all data, literally just a geosynthetics only way to find the current them.
And also in this case if we have if current admins in the I'm finally adding these some of the parent
grade.
So I have this some of the parent but they are added one distance apart.
Alternate it is some of parent plus the number of nodes the parent is.
That means the number of the nodes that this laboratory has right now, which is nothing but.
And minus edge of current.
Correct.
Which is?
There's only eight.
And.
Yeah.
Now, let's focus on the new some new some that's going to pass.
So it is some building blocks and minutes, etc..
That's true.
Right.
So this this is correct.
The second part is, I have to add in new some parent.
What I have to add is I have to add these some of other downloads of the current except for the x eight.
So and then what will that some be equal to?
It will be called a g current minus.
If I break the some of the current notes, basically I'm detaching the current to note eight.
I'm detaching the current I know wrong which I'm going to h which is nothing more g x minus x six.
So do you get installed?
The distance of all?
If I wanted to stick around because I wanted some to be propagated downwards, then I will simply subtract
the continents.
And this is nothing with detaching it.
And then we'll just pass the new some parent downwards.
Let me let.
Okay.
So this and and has not been declared so.
Yeah.
The end is over here.
Let's declare an on the top and it's remove the end from here but we want to use it.
The second part is okay, so these are not the values that we expect because yeah, it is six, nine,
five.
The second part is I'm passing this as minus one as in the previous problem, somebody should be positive
zero eight and again, so we have six three, seven, eight eight and again we can see that eight it
is good.
Six is good.
But what about a three and seven?
Eight.
So let's see what we are doing.
This is perfectly fine.
And.
Yeah.
So they should be not minus they should replace it.
It means I want to detest the current rate so I can write it as like this.
There it is, minus and minus.
But instead let's just be tested like this that I want to subtract the Carrington rate.
So let me just quickly explain what is this doing?
So if from build it from some current naught, I want to go to this X naught and we know what do of
current stores.
It stores the distances for what all the other generate.
But now let's say I want to beat, I don't want this answer whatever is for the X because I'm passing
that as a new sum from the rate.
So I will simply subtract in this.
I simply subtract x minus x eight.
That means or I can say subtract explicit x whatever the value was for this.
I just subtracted and.
Subtracted from the total sum so that I can get this sum for all other notes and for all the other of
I have got this idea subtracted from this.
And similarly we'll add that into the news and put it in basic.
This part is very tricky, but it's understandable, and some of you might have already sold it to it.
It just requires some patience.
And I hope you understood this.
We don't have to aggregate it here.
We have to add it because if I are decoding it again and again, again and again, then it will be I'm
doing it for all X.
It doesn't make sense actually.
Right.
So it will just be simple will just add the explicit X.
And the second thing is the last thing is the final left current, which is coming from the parent eight.
What is coming from the parent something and it's coming eight but there are some nodes alternate.
So if I want to add something to then I have to just add the S6 part also eight, which is nothing and
minus its current.
Let me read it again at the beginning.
Correct answers.
Okay.
So right now.
So let's move back and.
We have already tried adding some bread and butter and getting there and adding the number of notes
in that subject.
Well, now, let me read it.
Okay.
So we have the correct answer.
And there's just one more thing that's missing, and that is very tricky to find out.
But let me tell you what I know.
We are calculating some sums over distances.
Right.
And the value, the end is very large, which is doing the above right.
So it's quite possible that the answer will exceed int limit.
So far that what we do is we just dig in this long, long and right.
Or you can take a long, long anywhere in the good.
And.
Just feel free to some discord now.
I want to share this and I know it was very tricky when I got confused.
But just don't get confused in pluses and minuses.
Right.
So here I'm just using brackets eight.
But what you can do is you can have some extra another variable say into.
It's a current child.
Values, which is nothing but je x plus n6 which has already been calculated.
I can just subtract.
Getting daily values.
It's so you to take different variables in the formula to answer because you know, it can be very tricky
to see in the next part.
And in the next part what we'll be doing is we'll be solving company queries one to Eastern Square queries
guarding.
But I don't know how much of it will be covered in the underlying programming, but I'll try my best
to go over everything possible.
Well, thank you, everyone.